I think that's the reason why I like the
city is there's so much to I mean I live
in Santa Rosa and that's not that big to
me I mean I know lots of places there
but like after I go to the conservatory
I have my day planned out where I want
to go next in the city like sometimes
we'll just go to hate just to look at
but there is like K Ashbury music that's
a really nice place all different music
stars that's like the main place we'll
go I like that because there's lots
about music there yeah so it's a nice
place
Mesa
this is easy stuff harmonious much
volume acts up I saw you doing a bunch
of that stuff like the Lonnie Mack
you
you could ask a lot of questions like
aren't you proud aren't you this well
one that comes up a lot is did you feel
sort of like you're his manager which I
find detestable especially at this point
it's very premature I don't think I
don't think that's a good relationship I
think I think that it's it's founded on
sort of exploitation not really you know
what you would feel from your child